CONTENT

-Introduction
-Technologies used
-Implementation


INTRODUCTION

Topic no. 5: Candidate profile manager integrated with LinkedIn (or job application manager)
I will develop a web application that helps people to find a job more easily, and the employers to find the employees they are looking for.
Each person that wants to find/apply for a job, will have to register (create a new account) in order to have access to the job offers.
Each company that wants to hire employees will also have to create a different kind of account, special for employers.
The target demographics of the application is people aged 18+ preferaby with a bachelors degree, 
but also middle aged persons who might want to change their jobs.


TECHNOLOGIES USED

I am going to choose the ReST architectural style. The profiles of the employers and future employees will be enhanced using LinedIn API.
And for the front-end, I'm going to use React.js.


IMPLEMENTATION

The first page that I will implement is a login page/form with the username and password fields, log in button, but also a register button. 
Depending on the type of account, the users will be able to look for jobs or for employees. Other than that, it will be exactly the same.
After validating the login, the user will be redirected to a home page that will have:
-my profile button that redirects to the profile page of the person/company
-a dropdown menu with: Available jobs/employees, Jobs applied for/My jobs offered, Jobs/Employees matched
-search bar (and maybe some filters or another dropdown menu with some jobs categories)
-notifications button
-logout button

There will be an "Apply for job" button on each job offer page, and it would be 
nice to have a timer that shows a deadline. 
Also, I could aslo implement an attachment button for a CV, if the person want to submit a custom CV for that 
specific employer. If left blank, a general CV that is uploaded on the persons' profile will be shown to the company.

On the other hand, for the employers, there will be a "Request applcation" button on each persons' profile.
The persons will be able to see that they are needed in a certain job and they can easily click on the notification
and they will be able to see the job profile and the employer.

I have to design the interface in a such manner that it will be user-friendly for both employers 
and future employees, and I will use LinkedIn API for giving another dimension of the profiles of both parties.

It would be nice to have a messaging system between the employers and future 
employees and maybe to show some suggestions on which other jobs to apply for.